README.md, before:

# 5-task-board


## Description

The fifth challenge assignment from a bootcamp where the task was to create a simple task board application. It featured dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

<img src="./assets/images/image.png"/>

## Process

The process included adding a modal for inputting task title, due date and description for each task. Day.js was used for the datepicker. When the add task button is clicked, the task card automatically pops into the todo column. Draggable and Droppable events were created to move the task cards bewteen three columns: To-do, In Progress, and Done. A delete button was added to each card to delete a card. The properties for each card is saved in localStorage. When a task is nearing a deadline, it is yellow, or red for overdue. Upon page, refresh, the cards stay in their respective columns.


## Links

Link to website used for this challenge.
https://mackemo.github.io/5-task-board/

Link to public Github repository for this challenge.
https://github.com/mackemo/5-task-board


## Installation

N/A


## Usage

This site was a practice assignment for bootcamp students but can be used to see how a simple website can be created by inspecting the webpage.


## Credits

N/A


## License

N/A


## Acknowledgement

Project was done by the knowledge learned from bootcamp instructor John and by other resources including:

-the Xpert Learning Assistant tool in the bootcamp spot
-tutoring from bootcamp spot
https://day.js.org/docs/en/query/is-before
https://jqueryui.com/datepicker/#default

Commit message:

added table of contents, contribution, and questions to README

README.md, after:

# 5-task-board


## Description

The fifth challenge assignment from a bootcamp where the task was to create a simple task board application. It featured dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

## Table of Content
  -[Description](#Description)
  -[Process](#Process)
  -[Links](#Links)
  -[Installation](#Installation)
  -[Usage](#Usage)
  -[Licenses](#Licenses)
  -[Contribution](#Contribution)
  -[Acknowledgement](#Acknowledgement)
  -[Questions](#Questions)

<img src="./assets/images/image.png"/>

## Process

The process included adding a modal for inputting task title, due date and description for each task. Day.js was used for the datepicker. When the add task button is clicked, the task card automatically pops into the todo column. Draggable and Droppable events were created to move the task cards bewteen three columns: To-do, In Progress, and Done. A delete button was added to each card to delete a card. The properties for each card is saved in localStorage. When a task is nearing a deadline, it is yellow, or red for overdue. Upon page, refresh, the cards stay in their respective columns.


## Links

Link to website used for this challenge.
https://mackemo.github.io/5-task-board/

Link to public Github repository for this challenge.
https://github.com/mackemo/5-task-board


## Installation

To install this application, copy the ssh key from my github repo and clone it into your respository.


## Usage

This site was a practice assignment for bootcamp students but can be used to see how a simple website can be created by inspecting the webpage.


## License

N/A


## Contribution
  
Contact me by email provided in Questions section.


## Acknowledgement

Project was done by the knowledge learned from bootcamp instructor John and by other resources including:

-the Xpert Learning Assistant tool in the bootcamp spot
-tutoring from bootcamp spot
https://day.js.org/docs/en/query/is-before
https://jqueryui.com/datepicker/#default


## Questions

Contact with questions at:
  
Email: mackenzielmoore14@gmail.com
Click [here](https://github.com/mackemo) for Github account.
